---
title: 'May-June 2026'
date: 2026-06-30
published: true
tags:
  - media-log
  - vibe-check
---

<script lang="ts">
    import MediaGrid from '$lib/components/MediaGrid.svelte';
    import BookCover from '$lib/components/BookCover.svelte';
    import BookRoundup from '$lib/components/BookRoundup.svelte';
    import MovieRoundup from '$lib/components/MovieRoundup.svelte';

    let start = '2026-05-01';
    let end = '2026-06-30';

    const current = [{
      title: 'The Well of Ascension',
      isbn: 9781250868299
    }];
</script>

May started with the May Day march along Lake St. We were grouped behind a band that was playing the entire time so the vibes were great.

The main game I've been playing is Forza Horizon 6. It's been really fun! I've been particularly enjoying all the dirt and rally races. I will never understand the tuning system though.

My wife and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary in June!

<BookRoundup { start } { end } />

I struggled with Mistborn at first, but once I got about a third of the way through it everything started to click into place. Witch Hat Atelier art is so good! I got all caught up on The Murderbot Diaries, and heavily recommend it.

<h2 class=" text-2xl font-bold">
  Books carried over
  &nbsp;
  <span class="font-medium text-charade-100 text-base">{current.length} book{current.length > 1 ? 's' : ''}</span>
</h2>

<MediaGrid>
  {#each current.toReversed() as {title, isbn}, i (`${isbn}-${i}`)}
    <BookCover {title} {isbn} />
  {/each}
</MediaGrid>

I started this one in May but then decided to read a bunch of comics instead. Planning to finish this one pretty quickly in July.

<MovieRoundup { start } { end } />

I watched a lot of good movies this month. If I had to pick I would say the highlights were Rental Family and Sheep Detectives, but it's a difficult choice. Obsession, Hokum, Juno, Nonnas, The Drama, and Gundam Hathaway 2 were all also good, but I can't make every movie the highlight.

Mario Galaxy was just pretty with no substance. Backrooms had me so interested in the concept but the actual movie didn't give me what I wanted. I'm interested in more, though.

## Year-to-date

Since the start of the year I have decided to de-emphasize the number of books I read and focus instead on enjoying my reading without any pressure on the number of books. It's a flawed metric to begin with because different books have different lengths and complexities that make it impossible to compare the totals between two people. I am choosing to continue to track because it can be cool to look back at what I have read and see all the covers together in the grid.

So far this year I have completed 33 books! Golden Compass and A Parade of Horribles are my two re-reads. I last read Golden compass so long ago that I could almost count it as a new read. My re-read of A Parade of Horribles was actually a listen of the audiobook since the performance is always so good. I am much more willing to rewatch a movie than I am to reread a book which I would guess is due to the difference in time commitment. I've watched 48 movies so far, with 13 of them being rewatches. 22 of the movies I watched in 2025 were rewatches so I'm about on pace to match last year.
